CK.DB.Acl/README.md, before:

# CK.DB.Acl

This package introduces Access Control List, abbreviated in Acl that is an **Authorization layer** implementation.

Acls are simple entities identified their **`AclId`**. They can be referenced and used by any other
participant that aims to "protect" something: an action ("*Does the caller can destroy this object?*") as well as a datum
("*Can the caller see the Salary column of this Employee?*").

Before detailing the implementation, let's take a look at the two majors way to implement an Authorization
layer under a relational database (but not only: these are very general approaches).

## Security By Roles and Row Level Security

Any Authorization Layer belong to one these 2 approaches:

- **Security By Roles** : Roles are Groups of Users that define the authorization itself. 
Roles are for instance: "Administrators", "ContentMaster", "Editor", "NewsLetterValidator", etc. 
This is simple end effective for small systems (and you will find this Roles in numerous applications), but there
is one major drawback: a Role protects a "feature" of the System, not individual items.

Sql Server security itself works this way: one can define new [User defined Database Roles](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/authentication-access/getting-started-with-database-engine-permissions?#user-defined-database-roles):
and adds users to them. 

And these roles are then granted or denied specific authorizations:




- **Row Level Security** : In this approach, a mechanism protects . 


## The GrantLevel ladder



## The well-known Acl identifiers

The [tAcl table install script](Res/Model/CK.AclTable.Install.3.0.0.sql) creates 9 standard acls:
```sql
-- Acl from 0 to 8 are preallocated for the defaults:
-- None of them can be destroyed (sAclDestroy), only the 1 can be edited (sAclGrantSet).
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 0 - Administrator level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 1 - This is the "System Acl": it is the only one that can be configured.  
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 2 - User level to anybody
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 3 - Viewer level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 4 - Contributor level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 5 - Editor level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 6 - Super editor to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 7 - SafeAdministrator level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 8 - Blind to anybody (no rights at all).
```

The comments above are self-explanatory (They are configured in the [tAclConfig table install script](Res/Model/CK.AclConfigTable.Install.1.0.0.sql).)

Among them, the System AclId = 1 is the most interesting (since it is the only one that can be modified).
- The "Administrators" group (ActorId = 2) is granted access level 127 (Administrator) on it.
- If CK.DB.Zone is installed, then the "Platform Zone" (ActorId = 3) is has a "Viewer" access level on it.

See here for a presentation of the well-known Actor identifiers: [CK.DB.Zone](../CK.DB.Zone).

Commit message:

Implement UserInfoProvider.
Removed useless reflexion trick for IGenericAuthenticationProvider.
NRT for some of the packages.

CK.DB.Acl/README.md, after:

# CK.DB.Acl

This package introduces Access Control List, abbreviated in Acl that is an **Authorization layer** implementation.

Acls are simple entities identified their **`AclId`**. They can be referenced and used by any other
participant that aims to "protect" something: an action ("*Does the caller can destroy this object?*") as well as a datum
("*Can the caller see the Salary column of this Employee?*").

Before detailing the implementation, let's take a look at the two majors way to implement an Authorization
layer under a relational database (but not only: these are very general approaches).

## Security By Roles and Row Level Security

Any Authorization Layer belong to one these 2 approaches:

- **Security By Roles** : Roles are Groups of Users that define the authorization itself. 
Roles are for instance: "Administrators", "ContentMaster", "Editor", "NewsLetterValidator", etc. 
This is simple end effective for small systems (and you will find this Roles in numerous applications), but there
is one major drawback: a Role protects a "feature" of the System, not individual items.

Sql Server security itself works this way: one can define new [User defined Database Roles](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/authentication-access/getting-started-with-database-engine-permissions?#user-defined-database-roles):
and adds users to them. 

And these roles are then granted or denied specific authorizations.

- **Row Level Security** : In this approach, a mechanism protects any kind of "data islands" based on some information associated to the "island" to protect.
This is more granular but unfortunately more complex to use than the SBR approach.

## The GrantLevel ladder


## The well-known Acl identifiers

The [tAcl table install script](Res/Model/CK.AclTable.Install.3.0.0.sql) creates 9 standard acls:
```sql
-- Acl from 0 to 8 are preallocated for the defaults:
-- None of them can be destroyed (sAclDestroy), only the 1 can be edited (sAclGrantSet).
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 0 - Administrator level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 1 - This is the "System Acl": it is the only one that can be configured.  
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 2 - User level to anybody
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 3 - Viewer level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 4 - Contributor level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 5 - Editor level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 6 - Super editor to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 7 - SafeAdministrator level to anybody.
insert into CK.[tAcl] default values; -- 8 - Blind to anybody (no rights at all).
```

The comments above are self-explanatory (They are configured in the [tAclConfig table install script](Res/Model/CK.AclConfigTable.Install.1.0.0.sql).)

Among them, the System AclId = 1 is the most interesting (since it is the only one that can be modified).
- The "Administrators" group (ActorId = 2) is granted access level 127 (Administrator) on it.
- If CK.DB.Zone is installed, then the "AdminZone" (ActorId = 3) has a "Viewer" access level on it.

See here for a presentation of the well-known Actor identifiers: [CK.DB.Zone](../CK.DB.Zone).
